> EXERCISE 4.14: STAYING UP TO DATE 
> 
> Despite the fact that this attack is over $20$ years old, 
> it continues to haunt the internet. Do a little Google 
> searching and find out about the current state of this 
> attack both in terms of prevention and updated variants. 
> Make sure to find out about the ROBOT attack. We'll talk 
> about this one again when we discuss TLS. 

--------------------------------

In the original paper published by Daniel Bleichenbacher 
(Chosen Ciphertext Attacks Against Protocols Based on the RSA Encryption
Standard PCKS #1), he outlines some ways to prevent the attack 
in the Conclusion section of the paper: 

"
We conclude not only that it is important to include a strong 
integrity check into an RSA encryption, but also that this 
integrity check must be perfomed in the correct step of the protocol --
preferably immediately after decryption. The phase between decryption
and integrity check is critical, because even sending out error 
messages can present a security risk. We also believe that we 
have provided a strong argument to use 
**plaintext-aware encryption schemes**, such as the one described by 
Bellare and Rogaway. Note that plaintext awareness implies security against
chosen-ciphertext attacks. In particular, Version 2 of PKCS #1, which 
makes use [3] is not susceptible to the attack described in this paper. 
"

He closed the paper by saying: 

"
It is a good idea to have a receiver check the integrity of a message
immediately after decrypting that message. Even better is to check 
integrity before decrypting a message, as Cramer and Shoup show is 
possible [4]
"

If you want to know more about the ROBOT attack, head on over to: https://robotattack.org/ 